update preamble (#2)
informalsystems/cofi-website: index.md

It's a liquidity-saving mechanisms. Liquidity stress ("late payments") is the
number one reason small firms go out of business. Turns out Slovenia's been
running an MTCS system at national scale for 30 years to the significant benefit
of its economy.

But MTCS cannot clear all the trade-credit, only some fraction - from our
research, with real payments data from European systems, we've seen MTCS clearing 10-20% of the trade-credit.
Clearing the rest requires other liquidity sources - firms need cash on hand,
from their bank account, from factoring an invoice, from a bank loan, or from
mutual credit. **Mutual Credit** allows firms to take out loans in an local currency 
pegged to a common Unit of Account, where loans are collateralized by the firm's future production. 
A firm taking out a $10k loan in the internal currency must accept that currency
back for some multiple (eg. $50k) of its future sales. There are a few
highly successful mutual credit systems - the WIR Bank in Switzerland, Sardex in
Sardinia, Grassroots Economics in Kenya.

The CoFi paper showed that by combining obligation-clearing with mutual-credit,

> firms could save up to 50% (!) of their payment obligations. A massive liquidity

Author: ```suggestion
up to 50% (!) of the net internal debt could be cleared. A massive liquidity
```

savings. Out of this insight, we have founded the CoFi project, which seeks to
expand our understanding of the structure of the payments graph and what makes
it healthy, and to build the tools that enable a healthier relationship between
commercial economies and the liquidity that sustains them.

At [Informal Systems](https://informal.systems/), 
we are using [Cosmos tools](https://cosmos.network) to build 

> payments infrastructure with positive externalities for communities.

Author: ```suggestion
payments infrastructure with positive externalities for communities,
to realize the vision of Collaborative Finance.
```
